docs: Add Argo CD Core documentation (#13225)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/installation.md

## Core

> Argo CD Core installation is mainly deplying Argo CD in headless mode.

Reviewer: Nit: wording, spelling
```suggestion
The Argo CD Core installation is primarily used to deploy Argo CD in headless mode.
```
